[IMP] partner_tier_validation (Auto Active and New def for "is_company") (#1107)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_tier_validation/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> The default rule requires new parent Contacts to be approved
> before they can be used.
> 
> An optional rule requires new company Contacts to be approved
> before they can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default rule requires new company Contacts to be approved
before they can be used.

The rule can be extended to new non-company contact,
but beware that may cause issues with automatically created new contacts,
such as the ones generated when processing incoming emails.
```
